We got there, and there were no signs of anything at all.
It was just an area, a small lane leaning off into a wood.
But 50 yards down that little cutting, there was a German sentry box,
the blackened red and white stripe, with a lift pole, and a Hungarian soldier.
Well, we were told later he was Hungarian, funny looking soldier,
in a saw sand uniform, putties, and a rifle slung across his back.
He just lifted the pole and waved us through.
We went, and my two SS went through the gate, into the camp proper,
and it was something which, a sight that I will never forget.
I think first of all, it was just a series of high barbed wire fences,
huts on the left-hand side.
There were bundles all over the main concourse, which was just dry earth,
there was no grass anywhere.
There were just bundles, looked like rags, but turned out to be dead inmates.
We were told, referred to the inmates as DPs, displaced persons.
We had no knowledge who they were, where they came from, nationality, sex, or religion.
And as we went in further, then the stench of the whole place came at me,
coupled with the fact that there was an Astrid Hayes hanging over camp,
formed from the inmates setting fire to their straw palaces,
and wooden floorboards, anything they could make to burn.
And it seemed to hang as a haze over the whole camp.
There were inmates or DPs hanging on the wires,
fallen beside it, grotesque positions,
and you just had to pick your way through them.
Two were walking and came towards us, and the SS, my escort, just shot them.